# Weekly Reflection

This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts

-   What went well this week?
    During the hackathon I felt like I was behind from being sick all week and having to attend remotely 3 days out of the week. My team agreed to let me work on the back-end coding (even though I didn't have any hands on experience yet) so that I could gain experience and let me lean on them for support. Between the knowledge I gained from watching lectures, and being able to lean on my team for support I was able to contribute to the project and the experience made my afternoon projects easier to complete over the weekend. I now feel like I understand what we were taught this week.
-   What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
    Coordinating work with a team can be hard when you have different opinions on how things should be done. It can be difficult to let go of concern for how much you are contributing and leaning on others for support. Also, some people are not very receptive to constructive criticism.
-   What are you struggling with?
    Virtuals
-   What would you count as a victory?
    I leaned on my team for support, and even though I was really sick I stayed up and worked on the project until 6am the next day.
